{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 In a quaint town, there lived a humble florist named Ingrid. Her shop was a haven of beauty, filled with the fragrance of blooming flowers. Ingrid had a unique gift - she could communicate with flowers. They would tell her their stories, their joys, and their sorrows.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 One day, a delicate rose told Ingrid of its longing to see the world beyond the shop. Touched by its desire, Ingrid decided to plant the rose in a pot and carry it around the town. The rose was overjoyed to see the bustling market, the towering church, and the serene river.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 Next, a sunflower expressed its wish to feel the warmth of the sun. Ingrid took the sunflower to a sunny spot by the river where it basked in the golden rays all day. The sunflower bloomed brighter, its yellow petals glowing with happiness.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 Then, a daisy told Ingrid of its dream to dance in the rain. On a rainy day, Ingrid took the daisy outside. The daisy swayed in the rain, its white petals glistening with raindrops.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 Through these experiences, Ingrid realized that every flower, like every person, has its own dreams and desires. She understood that by listening and responding to these desires, she could bring a little more joy into the world.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 And so, Ingrid continued her unique dialogue with the flowers, spreading beauty and happiness in her quaint little town.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Multiple Choice Questions
\f1\b0 :
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What was Ingrid\'92s profession? a. A gardener b. A florist c. A botanist d. A farmer\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What unique gift did Ingrid possess? a. She could make flowers bloom instantly b. She could communicate with flowers c. She could change the color of flowers d. She could make flowers grow faster\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What did the rose long to do? a. To see the world beyond the shop b. To feel the warmth of the sun c. To dance in the rain d. To bloom brighter\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Where did Ingrid take the sunflower? a. To a sunny spot by the river b. To the market c. To the church d. To a shady spot under a tree\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What did Ingrid realize through her experiences? a. That every flower has its own dreams and desires b. That flowers can speak human language c. That flowers live forever d. That flowers can move on their own\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Fill-in-the-blank Questions
\f1\b0 :
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ingrid was a _______ who could communicate with flowers.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A _______ told Ingrid of its longing to see the world beyond the shop.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ingrid took the sunflower to a _______ by the river.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 On a rainy day, Ingrid took the daisy _______.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ingrid realized that every flower, like every person, has its own _______.\
}