{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 In the heart of a bustling city, there lived a humble cobbler named Erik. Despite his meager earnings, Erik was a man of great contentment. His world was his tiny workshop, filled with the smell of leather and the rhythmic sound of his hammer against the shoe soles.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 One day, a mysterious old woman visited his shop. She was frail and her shoes were worn out. Seeing her plight, Erik offered to mend her shoes for free. Touched by his kindness, the old woman revealed herself to be a fairy. As a token of her gratitude, she gifted Erik a pair of magical shoes that could take the wearer anywhere they wished.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Erik was overjoyed. He put on the shoes and wished to visit the grand castle that stood on the outskirts of the city. In an instant, he found himself standing in the opulent halls of the castle. He marvelled at the grandeur but soon realized that the people there were not as happy as he was. Despite their wealth, they were always yearning for more.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Next, he wished to visit the sea. The shoes took him to a vast, endless expanse of water. He watched the sun set over the horizon, painting the sky with hues of orange and pink. But he noticed the lonely seafarers, yearning for the comfort of their homes.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Finally, Erik wished to visit the mountains. He found himself amidst snow-capped peaks under a blanket of stars. He felt a sense of awe but noticed the harsh life of the mountain dwellers, constantly battling the elements.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Erik returned to his workshop, realizing that happiness is not defined by where you are or what you have, but by your ability to find joy in the simple things. He understood that he was happier in his little workshop than in a grand castle, by the sea, or on a mountaintop.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 From that day, Erik used the magical shoes to help those in need, spreading joy and learning that the greatest happiness comes from making others happy.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Multiple Choice Questions
\f0\b0 \strokec2 :
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What was the profession of Erik? a. A blacksmith b. A cobbler c. A baker d. A tailor\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Who visited Erik\'92s shop one day? a. A princess b. A fairy c. A witch d. A queen\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What did the fairy gift Erik? a. A pair of magical shoes b. A magic wand c. A pot of gold d. A magic carpet\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Where did Erik not visit with his magical shoes? a. A castle b. The sea c. The mountains d. A forest\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What did Erik realize about happiness? a. It depends on wealth b. It depends on grandeur c. It depends on location d. It depends on finding joy in simple things\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Fill-in-the-blank Questions
\f0\b0 \strokec2 :
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Erik was a humble _______.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A _______ visited Erik\'92s shop one day.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The fairy gifted Erik a pair of _______.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Erik used the magical shoes to _______.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Erik learned that the greatest happiness comes from _______.\
}