{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 In the heart of a bustling city, a woman named Anna found herself questioning the nature of love. She was a woman of great compassion, yet she was troubled by a deep sense of loneliness. "What does it mean to truly love and be loved?" she often asked herself.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 Anna was not a religious woman, yet she found herself drawn to the teachings of agape, the selfless love. She saw in it a potential answer to her existential questions. "Could the concept of 'agape' be the key to understanding love?" she wondered.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 One day, Anna decided to take a leap of faith. She chose to believe in the teachings of agape. This decision was not based on empirical evidence or logical reasoning, but rather on a deeply personal and subjective experience.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 Anna's leap of faith transformed her life. She found a sense of connection and empathy that had previously been missing. Her loneliness was replaced with a profound sense of belonging. She realized that agape had given her the tools to understand her existential questions.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 Yet, Anna's journey was not without its trials. She struggled with doubt and skepticism. She questioned her decision to embrace agape. But through it all, she remained steadfast in her belief.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 In the end, Anna came to understand that faith is not a matter of empirical evidence or logical reasoning. It is a deeply personal and subjective experience. It is a leap into the unknown. It is a choice to believe in something greater than oneself.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 Anna's story is a testament to the power of faith. It is a reminder that faith can provide a sense of connection and empathy in a world that often seems chaotic and uncertain. It is a testament to the transformative power of faith.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 Multiple Choice Questions:
\f1\b0\fs24 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What was the main existential question that Anna faced? a) Fear of death b) Understanding of love c) Loneliness d) Inability to find love\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What did Anna decide to do to address her existential questions? a) She decided to travel the world b) She chose to believe in the teachings of agape c) She decided to become a philosopher d) She chose to isolate herself from society\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 How did Anna\'92s leap of faith transform her life? a) It made her wealthy b) It made her famous c) It gave her a sense of connection and empathy d) It made her physically stronger\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What did Anna struggle with after her leap of faith? a) Poverty b) Illness c) Doubt and skepticism d) Rejection from society\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What is the main theme of Anna\'92s story? a) The power of love b) The importance of knowledge c) The transformative power of faith d) The inevitability of death\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Fill-in-the-blanks Questions:
\f1\b0\fs24 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Anna was a woman of great _______, yet she was troubled by a deep sense of loneliness.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Anna\'92s decision to embrace agape was not based on empirical evidence or logical _______, but rather on a deeply personal and subjective experience.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Anna\'92s leap of faith transformed her life. She found a sense of _______ and empathy that had previously been missing.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 She realized that agape had given her the tools to understand her existential _______.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Anna\'92s story is a testament to the power of _______.\
}