{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 In the bustling city of Copenhagen, there lived a woman named Ingrid. She was a painter, her canvas a mirror to her soul. Each stroke was a reflection of her inner turmoil, a testament to her existential journey.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Ingrid lived alone in a small apartment overlooking the city. Her only companion was her thoughts, her constant dialogue with herself. She would often say, "Art is not just a form of expression, but a form of introspection. It is through my paintings that I confront my existence."
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 One day, a man named Henrik visited her studio. He was a philosopher, his mind a labyrinth of thoughts and ideas. Henrik was drawn to Ingrid's paintings, seeing in them a depth of understanding that resonated with his own existential musings.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Their conversations were a dance of ideas and emotions, a symphony of existential thought. Henrik would often say, "Life is a series of choices, each one leading us down a different path. It is in the act of choosing that we define our existence."
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Ingrid found a kindred spirit in Henrik. His words echoed her own thoughts, his ideas a mirror to her own. She began to paint with a new fervor, her art a reflection of their shared understanding of life.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 And so, in the heart of Copenhagen, amidst the chaos of the city and the silence of the studio, Ingrid found her purpose. She learned to embrace the existential struggle, to find beauty in the absurd, and to paint not just what she saw, but what she felt. And Henrik, the philosopher, found in Ingrid a muse, a mirror to his own existential journey.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Multiple Choice Questions:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What is Ingrid\'92s profession? a) Writer b) Philosopher c) Painter d) Sculptor\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Who visited Ingrid\'92s studio? a) Johannes b) Henrik c) Clara d) S\'f8ren\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What did Ingrid find in Henrik\'92s words? a) Confusion b) Inspiration c) Anger d) Indifference\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What city does the story take place in? a) Helsing\'f8r b) Aarhus c) Odense d) Copenhagen\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What did Ingrid learn from Henrik? a) The art of philosophy b) The rhythm of life in Copenhagen c) The importance of making choices d) The history of art\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Fill-in-the-blank Questions:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ingrid was a __________ by profession.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Henrik visited Ingrid\'92s __________.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Henrik was a __________.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ingrid found __________ in Henrik\'92s words.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ingrid learned to embrace the __________ struggle.\
}