{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 In the historic city of Roskilde, there lived a man named Erik. He was a librarian, his life surrounded by books and the wisdom they held. Erik was a man of quiet strength, his calm demeanor a contrast to the bustling city around him.
\f1\fs24 \strokec2 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \strokec2 Erik believed in the power of knowledge, in the transformative effect of literature. "Books," he would often say, "are windows to different worlds. They allow us to experience life from different perspectives, to understand the human condition."
\f1\fs24 \strokec2 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \strokec2 One day, a woman named Astrid visited the library. She was a teacher, her life dedicated to imparting knowledge and inspiring curiosity. Astrid was drawn to Erik's quiet wisdom, to the depth of understanding he possessed.
\f1\fs24 \strokec2 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \strokec2 Their conversations were a journey through literature, a shared exploration of ideas and philosophies. Erik introduced Astrid to works that challenged her, that made her question and reflect. "The purpose of literature," Erik would say, "is not to provide answers, but to provoke questions."
\f1\fs24 \strokec2 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \strokec2 Astrid found a new perspective in Erik's words. She began to see teaching not just as imparting knowledge, but as inspiring curiosity, as encouraging students to question, to explore, to seek their own answers.
\f1\fs24 \strokec2 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \strokec2 And so, in the historic city of Roskilde, amidst the rustling of pages and the hushed whispers of readers, Astrid found a new approach to teaching. She learned to inspire curiosity, to encourage questioning, and to see knowledge not as a destination, but as a journey. And Erik, the librarian, found in Astrid a shared love for literature, a shared belief in the power of knowledge.
\f1\fs24 \strokec2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 Multiple Choice Questions:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What is Erik\'92s profession? a) Teacher b) Librarian c) Writer d) Painter\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Who visited the library? a) Johannes b) Henrik c) Magnus d) Astrid\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What did Astrid find in Erik\'92s words? a) Confusion b) A new perspective c) Anger d) Indifference\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What city does the story take place in? a) Helsing\'f8r b) Aarhus c) Jutland d) Roskilde\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What did Astrid learn from Erik? a) The art of librarianship b) The rhythm of life in Roskilde c) The importance of inspiring curiosity d) The history of Danish literature\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Fill-in-the-blank Questions:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Erik was a __________ by profession.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Astrid visited the __________.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Astrid was a __________.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Astrid found __________ in Erik\'92s words.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Astrid learned to inspire __________, to encourage questioning, and to see knowledge not as a destination, but as a journey.\
}