{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi480\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Berkeley Cole and I, in a private jargon of ours, distinguished between respectability and decency, and divided up our acquaintances, human and animal, in accordance with the doctrine. We put down domestic animals as respectable and wild animals as decent, and held that, while the existence and prestige of the first were decided by their relation to the community, the others stood in direct contact with God. Pigs and poultry, we agreed, were worthy of our respect, inasmuch as they loyally returned what was invested in them, and in their most intimate private life behaved as was expected of them. We watched them in their sties and yards, perseveringly working at the return of investments made, pleasantly feeding, grunting and quacking. And leaving them there, to their own homely, cosy atmosphere, we turned our eyes to the unrespectable, destructive wild boar on his lonely wanderings, or to those unrespectable, shameless corn-thieves, the wild geese and duck, in their purposeful line of flight across the sky, and we felt their course to have been drawn up by the finger of God.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 We registered ourselves with the wild animals, sadly admitting the inadequacy of our return to the community\'97and to our mortgages\'97but realizing that we could not possibly, not even in order to obtain the highest approval of our surroundings, give up that direct contact with God which we shared with the hippo and the flamingo. Nine thousand feet up we felt safe, and we laughed at the ambition of the new arrivals, of the Missions, the business people and the Government itself, to make the continent of Africa respectable. A time came when we began to feel uneasy about the matter. The Protestant Missions gave much time, energy and money to make the Natives put on trousers\'97in which they looked like giraffes in harness. The French Fathers were in better understanding with the children of the land, but they did not have\'97as they ought to have had\'97Saint Francis of Assisi at their Mission station; they were themselves but frail souls, and at home had been loaded with a heavy, mixed cultural cargo, which they dared not throw off. The businessmen, under the motto of "Teach the Native to Want," encouraged the African to evaluate himself by his possessions and to keep up respectably with his neighbours. The Government, turning the great wild plains into game Reserves, seemed to succeed in making the lions themselves take on the look of kindly patresfamilias\'97times might come when our old feline friends would have their regular meals served them from Game Department canteens. It was doubtful whether sans them the graminivora would preserve their innocence of the period before the Fall, whether then the kongoni would still keep their lonely watcher silhouetted on top of a hill, the eland their silky skin swaying in the dewlap as they trotted along, and their moist eyes, the impala their flying leap. Must there then, even in Africa, be no live creature standing in direct contact with God?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Ay, but there will be, I consoled myself, as long as I have got Farah with me. For Farah, although gravely posing as a highly respectable major-domo, Malvolio himself, was a wild animal, and nothing in the world would ever stand between him and God. Unfailingly loyal, he was still at heart a wild animal, a cheetah noiselessly following me about at a distance of five feet, or a falcon holding on to my finger with strong talons and turning his head right and left. The qualities with which he served me were cheetah or falcon qualities.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 When Farah first took service in my house, or first took my house into possession\'97for from that day he spoke of "our house," "our horses," "our guests"\'97it was no common contract which was set up, but a covenant established between him and me 
\f2\i ad majorem domus gloriam
\f0\i0 , to the ever greater glory of the house.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Multiple Choice Questions:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 How did the author and Berkeley Cole categorize animals?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A. By their size\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 B. By their habitat\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 C. By their respectability and decency\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 D. By their lifespan\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What did the author and Berkeley Cole believe about wild animals?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A. They are destructive and should be avoided\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 B. They are in direct contact with God\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 C. They are more respectable than domestic animals\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 D. They are not as valuable as domestic animals\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What did the Protestant Missions do that made the author feel uneasy?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A. They encouraged the African to evaluate himself by his possessions\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 B. They made the Natives put on trousers\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 C. They turned the great wild plains into game Reserves\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 D. They made the lions look like kindly patresfamilias\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What is Farah\'92s role in the author\'92s life?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A. He is the author\'92s friend\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 B. He is the author\'92s servant\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 C. He is the author\'92s neighbor\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 D. He is the author\'92s teacher\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What qualities does Farah have, according to the author?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A. Lion or elephant qualities\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 B. Cheetah or falcon qualities\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 C. Hippo or flamingo qualities\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 D. Giraffe or impala qualities\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf0 Fill-in-the-Blanks Questions:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The author and Berkeley Cole registered themselves with the _______ animals.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The author laughed at the ambition of the new arrivals, the Missions, the business people and the Government itself, to make the continent of _______ respectable.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The author consoled herself that there will be a live creature standing in direct contact with God as long as she has got _______ with her.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Farah, although gravely posing as a highly respectable major-domo, was a _______ animal.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When Farah first took service in the author\'92s house, it was no common contract which was set up, but a _______ established between him and the author.\
}