{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25760\viewh11700\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Young Person arose and declared that he felt the power of the wine, which was indeed apparent to some degree; for the blood pulsed strongly in his temples, and his appearance was not as beautiful as before the meal. He spoke as follows: If there be truth in the words of the poets, dear fellow-banqueters, then unrequited love is, indeed, the greatest of sorrows. Should you require any proof of this you need but listen to the speech of lovers. They say that it is death, certain death; and the first time they believe it\'97for the space of two weeks. The next time they say that it is death; and finally they will die sometime\'97as the result of unrequited love. For that love has killed them, about that there can obtain no doubt. And as to love's having to take hold three times to make away with them, that is not different from the dentist's having to pull three times before he is able to budge that firmly rooted molar. But, if unrequited love thus means certain death, how happy am I who have never loved and, I hope, will only achieve dying some time, and not from unrequited love! But just this may be the greatest misfortune, for all I know, and how unfortunate must I then be! The essence of love probably (for I speak as does a blind man about colors), probably lies in its bliss; which is, in other words, that the cessation of love brings death to the lover. This I comprehend very well as in the nature of a hypothesis correlating life and death. But, if love is to be merely by way of hypothesis, why, then lovers lay themselves open to ridicule through their actually falling in love. If, however, love is something real, why, then reality must bear out what lovers say about it. But did one in real life ever hear of, or observe, such things having taken place, even if there is hearsay to that effect? Here I perceive already one of the contradictions in which love involves a person; for whether this is different for those initiated, that I have no means of knowing; but love certainly does seem to involve people in the most curious contradictions.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 There is no other relation between human beings which makes such demands on one's ideality as does love, and yet love is never seen to have it. For this reason alone I would be afraid of love; for I fear that it might have the power to make me too talk vaguely about a bliss which I did not feel and a sorrow I did not have. I say this here since I am bidden to speak on love, though unacquainted with it\'97I say this in surroundings which appeal to me like a Greek symposion; for I should otherwise not care to speak on this subject as I do not wish to disturb any one's happiness but, rather, am content with my own thoughts. Who knows but these thoughts are sheer imbecilities and vain imaginings\'97perhaps my ignorance is explicable from the fact that I never have learned, nor have wished to learn, from any one, how one comes to love; or from the fact that I have never yet challenged a woman with a glance\'97which is supposed to be smart\'97but have always lowered my eyes, unwilling to yield to an impression before having fully made sure about the nature of the power into whose sphere I am venturing.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 At this point he was interrupted by Constantin who expostulated with him because, by his very confession of never having been in love, he had debarred himself from speaking. The Young Person declared that at any other time he would gladly obey an injunction to that effect as he had often enough experienced how tiresome it was to have to make a speech; but that in this case he would insist upon his right. Precisely the fact that one had had no love affair, he said, also constituted an affair of love; and he who could assert this of himself was entitled to speak about Eros just because his thoughts were bound to take issue with the whole sex and not with individuals. He was granted permission to speak and continued.
\f1\fs24 \

\f2\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 Multiple Choice Questions:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
According to the Young Person, what is the greatest of sorrows? a) Death b) Unrequited love c) Loneliness d) Fear\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What does the Young Person compare unrequited love to? a) A firmly rooted molar b) A beautiful melody c) A blind man\'92s perception of colors d) A Greek symposion\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What does the Young Person believe the essence of love lies in? a) Its bliss b) Its sorrow c) Its power d) Its contradictions\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What does the Young Person fear about love? a) That it might make him talk vaguely about a bliss he does not feel b) That it might lead to death c) That it might involve him in contradictions d) That it might disturb his happiness\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Who interrupts the Young Person\'92s speech? a) The Dressmaker b) The Seducer c) Constantin d) Victor Eremita\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Fill-in-the-blank Questions:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93If there be truth in the words of the poets, dear fellow-banqueters, then ____________ is, indeed, the greatest of sorrows.\'94\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93The essence of love probably (for I speak as does a blind man about colors), probably lies in its ____________.\'94\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93There is no other relation between human beings which makes such demands on one\'92s ____________ as does love, and yet love is never seen to have it.\'94\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93At this point he was interrupted by ____________ who expostulated with him because, by his very confession of never having been in love, he had debarred himself from speaking.\'94\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93Precisely the fact that one had had no love affair, he said, also constituted an ____________ of love; and he who could assert this of himself was entitled to speak about Eros just because his thoughts were bound to take issue with the whole sex and not with individuals.\'94\
}