It was so beautiful out on the country, it was summer- the wheat fields were golden, the oats were green, and down among the green meadows the hay was stacked.
There the stork minced about on his red legs, clacking away in Egyptian, which was the language his mother had taught him. Round about the field and meadow
lands rose vast forests, in which deep lakes lay hidden. Yes, it was indeed lovely out there in the country. In the midst of the sunshine there stood an old
manor house that had a deep moat around it. From the walls of the manor right down to the water's edge great burdock leaves grew, and there were some so tall
that little children could stand upright beneath the biggest of them. In this wilderness of leaves, which was as dense as the forests itself, a duck sat on her
nest, hatching her ducklings. She was becoming somewhat weary, because sitting is such a dull business and scarcely anyone came to see her. The other ducks
would much rather swim in the moat than waddle out and squat under the burdock leaf to gossip with her. But at last the eggshells began to crack, one after
another. "Peep, peep!" said the little things, as they came to life and poked out their heads. "Quack, quack!" said the duck, and quick as quick can be they all
waddled out to have a look at the green world under the leaves. Their mother let them look as much as they pleased, because green is good for the eyes. "How
wide the world is," said all the young ducks, for they certainly had much more room now than they had when they were in their eggshells. "Do you think this is
the whole world?" their mother asked. "Why it extends on and on, clear across to the other side of the garden and right on into the parson's field, though that
is further than I have ever been. I do hope you are all hatched," she said as she got up. "No, not quite all. The biggest egg still lies here. How much longer
is this going to take? I am really rather tired of it all," she said, but she settled back on her nest. "Well, how goes it?" asked an old duck who came to pay
her a call. "It takes a long time with that one egg," said the duck on the nest. "It won't crack, but look at the others. They are the cutest little ducklings
I've ever seen. They look exactly like their father, the wretch! He hasn't come to see me at all." "Let's have a look at the egg that won't crack," the old duck
said. "It's a turkey egg, and you can take my word for it. I was fooled like that once myself. What trouble and care I had with those turkey children, for I may
as well tell you, they are afraid of the water. I simply could not get them into it. I quacked and snapped at them, but it wasn't a bit of use. Let me see the
egg. Certainly, it's a turkey egg. Let it lie, and go teach your other children to swim." "Oh, I'll sit a little longer. I've been at it so long already that I
may as well sit here half the summer." "Suit yourself," said the old duck, and away she waddled. At last the big egg did crack. "Peep," said the young one, and
out he tumbled, but he was so big and ugly. The duck took a look at him. "That's a frightfully big duckling," she said. "He doesn't look the least like the
others. Can he really be a turkey baby? Well, well! I'll soon find out. Into the water he shall go, even if I have to shove him in myself." Next day the weather
was perfectly splendid, and the sun shone down on all the green burdock leaves. The mother duck led her whole family down to the moat. Splash! she took to the
water. "Quack, quack," said she, and one duckling after another plunged in. The water went over their heads, but they came up in a flash, and floated to
perfection. Their legs worked automatically, and they were all there in the water. Even the big, ugly gray one was swimming along. Multiple Choice Questions:
Where was the duck sitting to hatch her ducklings? a) In the forest b) In the meadow c) Under the burdock leaves d) In the manor house What did the mother duck
say when the ducklings saw the world for the first time? a) “This is the whole world.” b) “The world extends on and on, clear across to the other side of the
garden and right on into the parson’s field.” c) “The world is small.” d) “The world is dangerous.” What was the problem with the biggest egg? a) It was too
small b) It wouldn’t crack c) It was lost d) It was stolen What did the old duck suggest about the egg that wouldn’t crack? a) It was a duck egg b) It was a
turkey egg c) It was a chicken egg d) It was a goose egg How did the ducklings get into the water? a) They jumped in b) They were pushed in c) They fell in d)
They were born in the water Fill-in-the-blank Questions: “In the midst of the sunshine there stood an old ____________ that had a deep moat around it.” “But at
last the ____________ began to crack, one after another.” “The mother duck led her whole family down to the ____________.” “Splash! she took to the
____________.” “Even the big, ugly gray one was ____________ along.”