{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 In the bustling city of Aalborg, where the Limfjord sparkles under the northern sun, lived a baker named Kristian. Kristian was a man of warmth and generosity, his bakery a haven of delightful aromas and delicious pastries.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 Kristian's bakery was not just a business, but a cornerstone of the community. Each loaf of bread, each pastry, was a symbol of his dedication to his craft and his love for his city. His bakery was a place where people came not just to eat, but to connect, to share, to belong.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 One day, a woman named Sofie visited his bakery. She was a teacher, her life dedicated to nurturing the minds of the future. She had heard of Kristian's bakery and wished to share the joy of baking with her students.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 Touched by Sofie's dedication to her students and her love for learning, Kristian agreed to host a baking class for her students. He taught them the art of kneading the dough, the science of fermentation, and the joy of seeing a loaf of bread come to life.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 Sofie and her students were thrilled with the experience. They thanked Kristian and promised to use their newfound skills to bake bread for their families. True to their word, they returned with tales of warm, homemade bread, a testament to their learning and Kristian's teaching.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 Kristian realized then the impact of his work. His bakery was not just a place to bake, but a place to inspire, to teach, to bring joy. And so, he continued his work, his bakery a beacon of warmth and community.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 Multiple Choice Questions:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What was Kristian\'92s profession? a) Teacher b) Baker c) Sculptor d) Blacksmith\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Who visited Kristian\'92s bakery? a) Anna b) Ingrid c) Astrid d) Sofie\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What did Sofie ask Kristian for? a) A loaf of bread b) A book c) A baking class d) A flower\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 How did Sofie and her students react to the baking class? a) They were disappointed b) They were indifferent c) They were thrilled d) They were upset\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What did Kristian realize after hosting the baking class? a) He realized he should have charged more b) He realized he didn\'92t like teaching c) He realized the impact of his work d) He realized he wanted to become a teacher\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Fill-in-the-blanks Questions:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Kristian was a ________.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Kristian lived in the city of ________.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 One day, a woman named ________ visited his bakery.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Kristian agreed to host a ________ for Sofie\'92s students.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Kristian realized the ________ of his work after hosting the baking class.\
}