{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 In the quiet town of Helsing\'f8r, there lived a man named Johannes. He was a man of profound thought, often seen gazing into the distance, lost in contemplation. His life was a testament to the existential struggle, a dance between despair and faith.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Johannes was a watchmaker by trade, but his true passion lay in the realm of philosophy. He would often say, "The gears of a watch are much like the workings of life. Each piece, no matter how small, has a role to play in the grand design."
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 One day, a young woman named Clara came into his shop. She was a vision of beauty and innocence, her eyes sparkling with curiosity. Clara was new to Helsing\'f8r and was seeking guidance on the workings of the town. Johannes, being a man of few words, offered her a watch. "This," he said, "will help you understand the rhythm of life here."
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Clara was intrigued by Johannes' words and his demeanor. She found herself visiting the watchmaker's shop more often, drawn to his wisdom and the enigmatic aura that surrounded him. Their conversations were deep and meaningful, often veering into the realm of existentialism.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Johannes would often say, "Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced. We must embrace the uncertainty, the paradoxes, the absurdities. It is in these moments of despair that we find our true selves."
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Clara found solace in his words. She began to see life through a different lens, one that embraced the unknown and celebrated the journey of self-discovery. She realized that life was not about finding answers, but about asking the right questions.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 And so, in the quiet town of Helsing\'f8r, amidst the ticking of watches and the philosophical musings, Clara found her purpose. She learned to dance with despair, to embrace the absurd, and to find joy in the journey. And Johannes, the watchmaker, found a kindred spirit, a beacon of light in his world of existential contemplation.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Multiple Choice Questions:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What is Johannes\'92 profession? a) Philosopher b) Watchmaker c) Teacher d) Blacksmith\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What did Johannes give to Clara when she first visited his shop? a) A book b) A watch c) A map d) A letter\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What did Clara find in Johannes\'92 words? a) Confusion b) Solace c) Anger d) Indifference\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What town does the story take place in? a) Copenhagen b) Aarhus c) Odense d) Helsing\'f8r\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What did Clara learn from Johannes? a) The art of watchmaking b) The rhythm of life in Helsing\'f8r c) The importance of asking the right questions d) The history of philosophy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Fill-in-the-blank Questions:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Johannes was a __________ by trade.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Clara was new to __________.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Johannes gave Clara a __________ to help her understand the rhythm of life.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Clara found __________ in Johannes\'92 words.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Clara learned to embrace the __________ and to find joy in the journey.\
}