To be a woman is something so curious, so heterogeneous and composite that no
predicate will fully express these qualities; and if I should use many
predicates they would contradict one another in such fashion that only a woman
would be able to tolerate the result and, what is worse, feel happy about it.
The fact that she really signifies less than man—that is not her misfortune, and
still less so if she got to know it, for it might be borne with fortitude. No,
her misfortune consists in her life's having become devoid of fixed meaning
through a romantic conception of things, by virtue of which, now she signifies
all, and now, nothing at all; without ever finding out what she really does
signify—and even that is not her misfortune but, rather, the fact that, being a
woman, she never will be able to find out. As for myself, if I were a woman, I
should prefer to be one in the Orient and as a slave; for to be a slave, neither
more nor less, is at any rate something, in comparison with being, now heyday,
now nothing. 

Even if a woman's life did not contain such contrasts, the distinction she
enjoys, and which is rightly assumed to be hers as a woman—a distinction she
does not share with man—would by itself point to the meaninglessness of her
life. The distinction I refer to is that of gallantry. To be gallant to woman is
becoming in men. Now gallantry consists very simply in conceiving in fantastic
categories that person to whom one is gallant. To be gallant to a man is,
therefore, an insult, for he begs to be excused from the application of
fantastic categories to him. For the fair sex, however, gallantry signifies a
tribute, a distinction, which is essentially its privilege. Ah me, if only a
single cavalier were gallant to them the case would not be so serious. But far
from it! At bottom every man is gallant, he is unconsciously so. This signifies,
therefore, that it is life itself which has bestowed this perquisite on the fair
sex. Woman on her part unconsciously accepts it. Here we have the same trouble
again; for if only a single woman did so, another explanation would be
necessary. This is life's characteristic irony.  Now if gallantry contained the
truth it ought to be reciprocal, i.e., gallantry would be the accepted quotation
for the stated difference between beauty on the one hand, and power, astuteness,
and strength, on the other. But this is not the case, gallantry is essentially
woman's due; and the fact that she unconsciously accepts it may be explained
through the solicitude of nature for the weak and those treated in a step-
motherly fashion by her, who feel more than recompensed by an illusion. But
precisely this illusion is her misfortune. It is not seldom the case that nature
comes to the assistance of an afflicted creature by consoling him with the
notion that he is the most beautiful. If that is so, why, then we may say that
nature made good the deficiency since now the creature is endowed with even more
than could be reasonably demanded. But to be beautiful only in one's
imagination, and not to be overcome, indeed, by sadness, but to be fooled into
an illusion—why, that is still worse mockery. Now, as to being afflicted, woman
certainly is far from having been treated in a step-motherly fashion by nature;
still she is so in another sense inasmuch as she never can free herself from the
illusion with which life has consoled her.  Gathering together one's impressions
of a woman's existence, in order to point out its essential features, one is
struck by the fact that every woman's life gives one an entirely fantastic
impression. In a far more decisive sense than man she may be said to have
turning points in her career; for her turning points turn everything upside
down. In one of Tieck's Romantic dramas there occurs a person who, having once
been king of Mesopotamia, now is a green-grocer in Copenhagen.

Multiple Choice Questions: According to Constantin, what is a woman’s life full
of? a) Fixed meanings b) Contrasts c) Simplicity d) Stability What distinction
does Constantin say a woman enjoys? a) Power b) Gallantry c) Strength d) Beauty
According to Constantin, what is gallantry? a) An insult b) A tribute c) A
weakness d) A strength What does Constantin say is a woman’s misfortune? a) Her
strength b) Her beauty c) Her illusion d) Her power According to Constantin,
what gives an entirely fantastic impression? a) A man’s life b) A woman’s life
c) Gallantry d) Nature Fill-in-the-blank Questions: “To be a woman is something
so curious, so heterogeneous and composite that no ____________ will fully
express these qualities.” “The distinction I refer to is that of ____________.”
“Now if gallantry contained the truth it ought to be ____________, i.e.,
gallantry would be the accepted quotation for the stated difference between
beauty on the one hand, and power, astuteness, and strength, on the other.” “But
to be beautiful only in one’s imagination, and not to be overcome, indeed, by
sadness, but to be fooled into an ____________—why, that is still worse
mockery.” “In one of Tieck’s Romantic dramas there occurs a person who, having
once been king of Mesopotamia, now is a ____________ in Copenhagen.”