Constantin spoke as follows:  There is a time to keep silence, and a time to speak,[26] and now it seems to be the time to speak briefly, for our young friend
has spoken much and very strangely. His vis comica has made us struggle ancipiti proelio because his speech was full of doubts, as he himself is, sitting there
now—a perplexed man who knows not whether to laugh, or weep, or fall in love. In fact, had I had foreknowledge of his speech, such as he demands one should have
of love, I should have forbidden him to speak; but now it is too late. I shall bid you then, dear bellow-banqueters, "gladsome and merry to be," and even if I
cannot enforce this I shall ask you to forget each speech so soon as it is made and to wash it down with a single draught.  And now as to woman, about whom I
shall speak. I too have pondered about her, and I have finally discovered the category to which she belongs. I too have sought, but I have found, too, and I
have made a matchless discovery which I shall now communicate to you. Woman is understood correctly only when placed in the category of "the joke. " It is man's
function to be absolute, to act in an absolute fashion, or to give expression to the absolute. Woman's sphere lies in her relativity. Between beings so
radically different, no true reciprocal relation can exist. Precisely in this incommensurability lies the joke. And with woman the joke was born into the world.
It is to be understood, however, that man must know how to stick to his role of being absolute; for else nothing is seen—that is to say, something exceedingly
common is seen, viz., that man and woman fit each other, he as a half man and she as a half man. The joke is not an æsthetic, but an abortive ethical, category.
Its effect on thought is about the same as the impression we receive if a man were solemnly to begin making a speech, recite a comma or two with his
pronouncement, then say "hm!"—"dash"—and then stop. Thus with woman. One tries to cover her with the ethical category, one thinks of human nature, one opens
one's eyes, one fastens one's glances on the most excellent maiden in question, an effort is made to redeem the claims of the ethical demand; and then one grows
ill at ease and says to one's self: ah, this is undoubtedly a joke!  The joke lies, indeed, in applying that category to her and measuring her by it, because it
would be idle to expect serious results from her; but just that is the joke. Because if one could demand it of her it would not be a joke at all. A mighty poor
joke indeed it would be, to place her under the air-pump and draw the air out of her—indeed it were a shame; but to blow her up to supernatural size and let her
imagine herself to have attained all the ideality which a little maiden of sixteen imagines she has, that is the beginning of the game and, indeed, the
beginning of a highly entertaining performance. No youth has half so much imaginary ideality as a young girl, but: "We shall soon be even" as says the tailor in
the proverb; for her ideality is but an illusion.  If one fails to consider woman from this point of view she may cause irreparable harm; but through my
conception of her she becomes harmless and amusing. For a man there is nothing more shocking than to catch himself twaddling. It destroys all true ideality; for
one may repent of having been a rascal, and one may feel sorry for not having meant a word of what one said; but to have talked nonsense, sheer nonsense, to
have meant all one said and behold! it was all nonsense—that is too disgusting for repentance incarnate to put up with. But this is not the case with woman. She
has a prescriptive right to transfigure herself—in less than 24 hours—in the most innocent and pardonable nonsense; for far is it from her ingenuous soul to
wish to deceive one!Sure, here are the questions based on the passage: Multiple Choice Questions: According to Constantin, when is it time to speak? a) When one
is full of doubts b) When one has foreknowledge of a speech c) When one is gladsome and merry d) When one has pondered about a topic What category does
Constantin place women in? a) The absolute b) The joke c) The ethical d) The aesthetic According to Constantin, what is man’s function? a) To be relative b) To
be absolute c) To be a joke d) To be ethical What does Constantin say is not an aesthetic, but an abortive ethical, category? a) Man b) Woman c) The joke d) The
absolute According to Constantin, what is more shocking for a man than to catch himself twaddling? a) Being a rascal b) Not meaning a word of what one said c)
Talking nonsense d) None of the above Fill-in-the-blank Questions: “There is a time to keep silence, and a time to ____________, and now it seems to be the time
to speak briefly, for our young friend has spoken much and very strangely.” “Woman is understood correctly only when placed in the category of ____________.”
“It is man’s function to be ____________, to act in an absolute fashion, or to give expression to the absolute.” “The joke is not an ____________, but an
abortive ethical, category.” “For a man there is nothing more shocking than to catch himself ____________.”