 What is a poet? An unhappy man who conceals profound anguish in his heart, but
whose lips are so fashioned that when sighs and groans pass over them they sound
like beautiful music. His fate resembles that of the unhappy men who were slowly
roasted by a gentle fire in the tyrant Phalaris' bull—their shrieks could not
reach his ear to terrify him, to him they sounded like sweet music. And people
flock about the poet and say to him: do sing again; which means, would that new
sufferings tormented your soul, and: would that your lips stayed fashioned as
before, for your cries would only terrify us, but your music is delightful. And
the critics join them, saying: well done, thus must it be according to the laws
of æsthetics. Why, to be sure, a critic resembles a poet as one pea another, the
only difference being that he has no anguish in his heart and no music on his
lips. Behold, therefore would I rather be a swineherd on Amager, and be
understood by the swine than a poet, and misunderstood by men.  In addition to
my numerous other acquaintances I have still one more intimate friend—my
melancholy. In the midst of pleasure, in the midst of work, he beckons to me,
calls me aside, even though I remain present bodily. My melancholy is the most
faithful sweetheart I have had—no wonder that I return the love!  Of all
ridiculous things the most ridiculous seems to me, to be busy—to be a man who is
brisk about his food and his work. Therefore, whenever I see a fly settling, in
the decisive moment, on the nose of such a person of affairs; or if he is
spattered with mud from a carriage which drives past him in still greater haste;
or the drawbridge opens up before him; or a tile falls down and knocks him dead,
then I laugh heartily. And who, indeed, could help laughing? What, I wonder, do
these busy folks get done? Are they not to be classed with the woman who in her
confusion about the house being on fire carried out the fire-tongs? What things
of greater account, do you suppose, will they rescue from life's great
conflagration?  Let others complain that the times are wicked. I complain that
they are paltry; for they are without passion. The thoughts of men are thin and
frail like lace, and they themselves are feeble like girl lace-makers. The
thoughts of their hearts are too puny to be sinful. For a worm it might
conceivably be regarded a sin to harbor thoughts such as theirs, not for a man
who is formed in the image of God. Their lusts are staid and sluggish, their
passions sleepy; they do their duty, these sordid minds, but permit themselves,
as did the Jews, to trim the coins just the least little bit, thinking that if
our Lord keep tab of them ever so carefully one might yet safely venture to fool
him a bit. Fye upon them! It is therefore my soul ever returns to the Old
Testament and to Shakespeare. There at least one feels that one is dealing with
men and women; there one hates and loves, there one murders one's enemy and
curses his issue through all generations—there one sins. Just as, according to
the legend, Parmeniscus in the Trophonian cave lost his ability to laugh, but
recovered it again on the island of Delos at the sight of a shapeless block
which was exhibited as the image of the goddess Leto: likewise did it happen to
me. When I was very young I forgot in the Trophonian cave how to laugh; but when
I grew older and opened my eyes and contemplated the real world, I had to laugh,
and have not ceased laughing, ever since. I beheld that the meaning of life was
to make a living; its goal, to become Chief Justice; that the delights of love
consisted in marrying a woman with ample means; that it was the blessedness of
friendship to help one another in financial difficulties; that wisdom was what
most people supposed it to be; that it showed enthusiasm to make a speech, and
courage, to risk being fined

Multiple Choice Questions: According to the passage, a poet is compared to: a) A
swineherd b) A critic c) Men roasted in Phalaris’ bull d) A busy man What is the
author’s most faithful sweetheart? a) His work b) His melancholy c) His poetry
d) His critics What does the author find most ridiculous? a) Being a poet b)
Being busy c) Being a critic d) Being misunderstood How does the author describe
the thoughts of men? a) Strong and robust b) Thin and frail like lace c)
Passionate and fiery d) Deep and profound Where does the author’s soul return
to? a) The Old Testament and Shakespeare b) His work and his poetry c) His
critics and his admirers d) His melancholy and his suffering Fill-in-the-blank
Questions: “An unhappy man who conceals profound anguish in his heart, but whose
lips are so fashioned that when sighs and groans pass over them they sound like
____________.” “Behold, therefore would I rather be a ____________ on Amager,
and be understood by the swine than a poet, and misunderstood by men.” “In
addition to my numerous other acquaintances I have still one more intimate
friend—my ____________.” “Of all ridiculous things the most ridiculous seems to
me, to be ____________.” “It is therefore my soul ever returns to the
____________ and to Shakespeare.”