{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 In a small seaside town, there lived a humble fisherman named Ole. Every day, he would set sail into the vast ocean, casting his nets into the deep blue waters. Ole had a special bond with the sea. He could feel its moods, its ebbs and flows, its silent whispers.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 One day, while out at sea, Ole found a beautiful seashell. It was unlike any he had ever seen, shimmering in hues of pink and gold. As he held it close, he could hear the seashell whispering tales of the underwater world.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 The seashell spoke of majestic whales gliding through the water, of colorful corals teeming with life, of ancient shipwrecks holding treasures untold. It told him about the harmony of life beneath the waves, the delicate balance that existed between every creature.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 Ole was deeply moved by these tales. He realized that the sea was more than just a source of livelihood, it was a world full of wonder and mystery. He understood that his role as a fisherman was not just to take from the sea, but to respect and protect it.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 From that day, Ole saw the sea in a new light. It was not just a vast expanse of water, but a living, breathing entity, full of life and stories. He understood that every wave, every tide, every catch was a part of the sea's endless narrative.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 And so, Ole continued his life as a fisherman, with a newfound respect and love for the sea. His nets didn't just catch fish, but also tales of the sea, each one a reminder of the beauty and mystery of the world beneath the waves.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Multiple Choice Questions
\f0\b0 :
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What was Ole\'92s profession? a. A sailor b. A fisherman c. A lifeguard d. A marine biologist\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What did Ole find one day at sea? a. A treasure chest b. A beautiful seashell c. A message in a bottle d. A rare fish\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What did the seashell tell Ole about? a. The underwater world b. The sky c. The land d. The future\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What did Ole realize about the sea? a. It is dangerous b. It is a world full of wonder and mystery c. It is empty d. It is predictable\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What did Ole understand his role as a fisherman to be? a. To catch as many fish as possible b. To explore the sea c. To respect and protect the sea d. To control the sea\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Fill-in-the-blank Questions
\f0\b0 :
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ole was a _______ in a small seaside town.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 One day, Ole found a beautiful _______ at sea.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The seashell told Ole about the _______.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ole realized that the sea was a world full of _______ and mystery.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Ole understood that every wave, every tide, every catch was a part of the sea\'92s _______ narrative.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
}