{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 In the bustling city of Copenhagen, where the old and the new coexist in harmony, lived a young woman named Anna. Anna was a violinist, her music as enchanting as the city she called home.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 Anna's violin was not just an instrument, but an extension of her soul. Each note she played was a reflection of her emotions - joy, sorrow, love, longing. Her music was her voice, her way of expressing what words could not.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 One day, Anna received a letter from a small town in Jutland. The letter was from a schoolteacher named Lars, who had heard Anna's music on the radio. Moved by her music, Lars invited Anna to perform at their town's annual festival.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 Intrigued by the invitation and the prospect of a new adventure, Anna decided to accept Lars' invitation. She packed her violin and set off for Jutland, leaving behind the familiarity of Copenhagen.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 The town of Jutland, with its cobblestone streets and thatched-roof houses, was a stark contrast to the city Anna was used to. But the warmth of the people and the beauty of the landscape made her feel welcome.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 The day of the festival arrived. As Anna played her violin, the townsfolk listened in awe. Her music, so full of emotion and passion, touched their hearts. It was as if Anna was telling their stories, their hopes, their dreams, through her music.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 After the performance, Lars thanked Anna for her music. He told her how her music had brought the town together, how it had reminded them of the beauty of life. Anna, moved by his words, realized the power of her music - not just to express her emotions, but to touch others, to bring people together.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 As Anna returned to Copenhagen, she carried with her the memories of Jutland, the warmth of the people, and the realization of the impact of her music. And so, she continued to play her violin, her music echoing through the streets of Copenhagen, touching the hearts of those who heard it.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Multiple Choice Questions:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What was Anna\'92s profession? a) Teacher b) Baker c) Violinist d) Painter\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Who invited Anna to perform at the festival? a) Jens b) Erik c) Lars d) Peter\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Where was the festival held? a) Copenhagen b) Lyngby c) Jutland d) Aarhus\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 How did the townsfolk react to Anna\'92s performance? a) They were indifferent b) They were in awe c) They were upset d) They were bored\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What did Anna realize after her performance? a) She realized she missed Copenhagen b) She realized she didn\'92t like performing c) She realized the power of her music d) She realized she wanted to move to Jutland\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Fill-in-the-blanks Questions:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Anna was a ________.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Anna received a letter from a schoolteacher named ________.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Anna decided to accept Lars\'92 invitation and set off for ________.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 As Anna played her violin, the townsfolk listened in ________.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Anna continued to play her violin, her music echoing through the streets of ________.\
}