{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 In the heart of the Danish countryside, nestled between the verdant fields and the cerulean sky, lay the quaint village of Lyngby. The village was home to a humble baker, Jens, known far and wide for his delectable pastries and warm heart.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 Jens, a man of simple tastes, found joy in the mundane. The smell of fresh dough, the sight of the morning sun filtering through his bakery window, the sound of the village children's laughter - these were the things that made his heart sing. His bakery was not just a place of business, but a sanctuary where villagers found comfort, camaraderie, and the most delicious pastries this side of Denmark.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 One day, a stranger arrived in Lyngby. Dressed in a worn-out coat and carrying a small suitcase, he introduced himself as Erik. He was a painter, he said, traveling across the country in search of inspiration. Intrigued by the stranger and his quest, Jens offered him a room above the bakery.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 In the days that followed, Erik became a familiar figure in the village. He spent his days capturing the beauty of Lyngby in his paintings - the rolling fields, the towering windmills, the sparkling creek. But most of all, he painted the bakery, over and over, each painting more beautiful than the last.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 Jens, who had never thought of his humble bakery as anything special, was moved by Erik's paintings. He saw his everyday world through Erik's eyes - the golden glow of the oven, the dusting of flour like snow, the pastries like little pieces of art. He realized that beauty could be found in the most ordinary things, and it was this realization that touched his heart deeply.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 As weeks turned into months, the bond between Jens and Erik grew. They found a kindred spirit in each other - Jens with his love for baking and Erik with his passion for painting. They were two artists, each dedicated to their craft, each finding beauty in their own way.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 But as the seasons changed, so did Erik. The once vibrant painter grew quiet and withdrawn. His paintings lost their color, their vitality. Jens, worried for his friend, tried to reach out, but Erik remained locked in his own world.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 One cold winter's night, Erik left Lyngby, leaving behind only his paintings. Jens, heartbroken, couldn't understand why Erik had left without a word. But as he looked at the paintings, he realized that Erik had left a piece of himself in Lyngby, in the bakery, in their friendship. And it was this realization that brought him comfort.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 In the end, Jens understood that people come into our lives for a reason. They touch our hearts, change our world, and then move on, leaving us richer for having known them. And so, he went on, baking his pastries, cherishing his memories of Erik, and finding beauty in his everyday world.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Multiple Choice Questions:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What was Jens\'92 profession? a) Painter b) Baker c) Farmer d) Blacksmith\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Why did Erik come to Lyngby? a) To open a bakery b) To find inspiration for his paintings c) To visit family d) To start a new life\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 How did Jens\'92 view of his bakery change after meeting Erik? a) He saw it as a burden b) He saw it as a place of beauty c) He saw it as a profitable business d) He saw it as a waste of time\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 How did Erik\'92s behavior change over time? a) He became more outgoing b) He became more cheerful c) He became more reclusive d) He became more aggressive\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What did Jens realize after Erik left? a) He realized that he should have been a painter b) He realized that Erik had stolen from him c) He realized that people come into our lives for a reason d) He realized that he was better off alone\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Fill-in-the-blanks Questions:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The village where Jens lived was called ________.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Jens offered Erik a room above the ________.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Erik spent his days ________ the beauty of Lyngby.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Jens and Erik found a kindred spirit in each other because they were both ________.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Jens went on ________ his pastries, cherishing his memories of Erik, and finding beauty in his everyday world.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
}