{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 In the tranquil town of Ribe, where the ancient cathedral towers over the landscape, lived a clockmaker named Tobias. Tobias was a man of precision and detail, his workshop a testament to the relentless march of time.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 Tobias' clocks were not just timekeepers, but masterpieces of craftsmanship. Each cog and wheel was a testament to his skill, each tick and tock a melody in the symphony of time. His workshop was a sanctuary for those seeking the comfort of routine and the rhythm of life.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 One day, a young woman named Astrid visited his workshop. She was a dancer, her movements as graceful and fluid as the hands of a clock. She had heard of Tobias' talent and wished to commission a clock that could keep time to her dance.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 Intrigued by the challenge and captivated by Astrid's grace, Tobias agreed to craft the clock. He worked tirelessly, his hands moving with the precision of a maestro, crafting a clock that not only kept time but danced to its own rhythm.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 Astrid was delighted with the clock. She thanked Tobias and promised to choreograph a dance inspired by the rhythm of the clock. True to her word, Astrid returned with a dance that was a beautiful blend of rhythm and grace, a testament to their combined talents.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 Tobias realized then the harmony between art and science. His workshop was not just a place to create, but a place to inspire, to blend the precision of clockwork with the fluidity of dance. And so, he continued his work, his workshop a beacon of creativity and innovation.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Multiple Choice Questions:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What was Tobias\'92 profession? a) Dancer b) Clockmaker c) Librarian d) Blacksmith\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Who visited Tobias\'92 workshop? a) Anna b) Ingrid c) Astrid d) Ida\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What did Astrid ask Tobias for? a) A dance b) A book c) A clock d) A flower\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 How did Astrid react to the clock? a) She was disappointed b) She was indifferent c) She was delighted d) She was upset\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What did Tobias realize after crafting the clock? a) He realized he should have charged more b) He realized he didn\'92t like making clocks c) He realized the harmony between art and science d) He realized he wanted to become a dancer\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Fill-in-the-blanks Questions:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Tobias was a ________.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Tobias lived in the town of ________.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 One day, a young woman named ________ visited his workshop.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Tobias agreed to craft a ________ for Astrid.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Tobias realized the ________ between art and science after crafting the clock.\
}