{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 In the quiet solitude of a moonlit night, a man named Johannes found himself contemplating the paradox of existence. He was a man of considerable intellect, yet he was plagued by a profound sense of despair. "Why," he asked the silent night, "does the joy of life elude me?"
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Johannes had always been a seeker of truth, a man who dared to question the very fabric of reality. He had spent his life in pursuit of knowledge, yet the more he learned, the more he realized how little he truly knew. This realization filled him with a sense of dread, a fear of the unknown that gnawed at his soul.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 He pondered the nature of happiness, the fleeting moments of joy that seemed to slip through his fingers like grains of sand. He wondered why some people seemed to find contentment in the simplest of things, while others, like him, were tormented by existential angst.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 "Is happiness a mere illusion, a trick of the mind?" he wondered. "Or is it a state of being, attainable only by those who dare to embrace the uncertainty of existence?"
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 As he grappled with these questions, Johannes came to a startling realization. He understood that the pursuit of happiness was a futile endeavor, for it was not an end in itself, but a byproduct of a life well-lived. He realized that the key to contentment lay not in the acquisition of knowledge, but in the acceptance of one's own ignorance.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 In this moment of clarity, Johannes felt a sense of peace wash over him. He understood that the despair he had been feeling was not a sign of his failure, but a testament to his humanity. He realized that to be human was to be flawed, to be filled with doubt and uncertainty. And in this realization, he found a strange sense of comfort.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 For the first time in his life, Johannes felt a sense of connection with the world around him. He understood that he was not alone in his struggle, that every person he met was fighting their own battles, grappling with their own existential angst. And in this shared struggle, he found a sense of camaraderie, a sense of belonging.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 As the dawn broke, Johannes felt a renewed sense of purpose. He understood that his quest for knowledge was not in vain, for it had led him to this moment of self-discovery. He realized that the key to happiness lay not in the answers he sought, but in the questions he dared to ask.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 And so, Johannes embraced the uncertainty of existence, finding joy in the journey rather than the destination. He understood that life was not about finding happiness, but about creating it. And in this realization, he found the peace he had been seeking all along.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Multiple Choice Questions
\f0\b0 :
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What was the name of the man in the passage?  a. S\'f8ren b. Johannes c. Kierkegaard d. None of the above\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What was Johannes\'92 realization about happiness? a. It is a state of being b. It is a byproduct of a life well-lived c. It is an illusion d. It is unattainable\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What did Johannes feel a sense of connection with? a. The world around him b. His past c. His future d. His possessions\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	6	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What did Johannes find comfort in? a. His knowledge b. His ignorance c. His wealth d. His solitude\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	7	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What did Johannes feel a renewed sense of? a. Despair b. Purpose c. Angst d. Doubt\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Fill-in-the-blank Questions
\f0\b0 :
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Johannes was a man of considerable _______, yet he was plagued by a profound sense of despair.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 He realized that the key to contentment lay not in the acquisition of knowledge, but in the acceptance of one\'92s own _______.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 He understood that the despair he had been feeling was not a sign of his failure, but a testament to his _______.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 He understood that life was not about finding happiness, but about _______ it.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 As the dawn broke, Johannes felt a renewed sense of _______.\
}