{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi480\sa320\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When Fathima, Farah's wife, was to give birth to her first child, she was very ill; for an hour or two her surroundings, and her mother herself, had given up hope about her. Her mother, an imposing figure in my establishment, had arranged for about a dozen Somali ladies of the first families of Nairobi to be present. They arrived in Aly Khan's mule-traps, looking very lovely and lively, like old Persian pictures, in their long ample skirts and veils, and filled with sympathy and zeal. The waves of woman's world closed over Farah's house, at some distance from the huts of my house-boys. Farah himself, grave and more subdued than I had ever seen him, together with all other male creatures of my household, had been shooed a hundred yards away. The women then set to heating up the room in which the birth was taking place, to an almost unbearable heat, with charcoal in basins, and to make the air thick with childbed-incense. I sat out there for a while, half unconscious, not because I imagined that I could be of any use whatever, but because I felt it to be the correct thing and expected of me.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Fathima was a very lovely creature, with big dark eyes like a doe's, so slim that one wondered where she could possibly be storing her baby, supple in all her movements and in daily life of a risible temper. I felt sorry for her now. The gentle midwives were busy, bending and again straightening up the girl and from time to time knocking her in the small of the back with their fists as if to knock out the child. For the time that I was there I saw them dealing out only one kind of medicine: a matron amongst them brought along an earthenware dish, on the inner side of which a holy man of the town had drawn up, in charcoal, a text from the Koran; the lettering was washed off carefully with water, and the water poured into the mouth of the labouring young woman.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 This great event on the farm took place at the time when the Prince of Wales\'97the present Duke of Windsor\'97was on his first visit to the country. Among the celebrations in his honour was a 
\f2\i \strokec2 concours hippique
\f0\i0 \strokec2  in Nairobi, and I had entered my Irish pony Poor-Box for the jumping competition\'97he was at the moment in training at Limoru. In the midst of the bustle round me and in a moment of things' looking very dark, I suddenly called to mind that I had promised to bring over a bag of oats for him there, so I would have to leave for a couple of hours. I drove away sadly, taking Kamante with me in the car.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 On the way back from Limoru I came past the French Mission and remembered that the Fathers for some time had been promising me seed of a particular kind of lettuce from France. As I pulled up the car, Kamante, who during our drive had not said a word, spoke to me. Fathima was a favourite with Kamante, she was the only human being for whose intelligence I had ever heard him express any kind of respect. "Are you," he asked me, "going into the church to beg the lady in there, who is your friend, to help Fathima?" The lady in the church, who was my friend, was the Virgin Mary, whose statue Kamante had seen when on Christmas night he had accompanied me to midnight mass. I could not very well say no, so I answered yes, and went into the church before going to the refectory. It was cool in the church, and in the face of the highly vulgar papier m\'e2ch\'e9 statue of the Virgin, with a lily in her hand, there was something soothing and hopeful.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 When I came back to my house, Fathima's baby was born, and she herself was doing well. I congratulated her mother and Farah in his forest exile. The small boy brought into the world that day was Ahamed, called Saufe, who later became a great figure on the farm. Kamante said to me: "You see, Msabu, it was good that I reminded you to ask the lady who is your friend to help Fathima."
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \strokec2 Multiple Choice Questions:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Who is Fathima?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A. The author\'92s friend\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 B. Farah\'92s wife\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 C. Kamante\'92s sister\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 D. The author\'92s servant\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What was the condition of Fathima when she was about to give birth to her first child?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A. She was very healthy\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 B. She was very ill\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 C. She was very excited\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 D. She was very calm\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What did the women do to help Fathima during her labor?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A. They heated up the room and made the air thick with childbed-incense\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 B. They sang songs to soothe her\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 C. They read stories to distract her\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 D. They massaged her back\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Who is Kamante?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A. The author\'92s friend\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 B. Farah\'92s son\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 C. The author\'92s servant\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 D. Fathima\'92s brother\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What did Kamante suggest the author to do for Fathima?\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A. To bring her food\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 B. To read her a story\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 C. To ask the lady in the church for help\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 D. To sing her a song\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf0 Fill-in-the-Blanks Questions:
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Fathima was a very lovely creature, with big dark eyes like a _______.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The author had entered her Irish pony _______ for the jumping competition.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The lady in the church, who was the author\'92s friend, was the _______.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 When the author came back to her house, Fathima\'92s baby was _______.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The small boy brought into the world that day was _______, who later became a great figure on the farm.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
}