In a quaint town, there lived a humble florist named Ingrid. Her shop was a
haven of beauty, filled with the fragrance of blooming flowers. Ingrid had a
unique gift - she could communicate with flowers. They would tell her their
stories, their joys, and their sorrows.

One day, a delicate rose told Ingrid of its longing to see the world beyond the
shop. Touched by its desire, Ingrid decided to plant the rose in a pot and carry
it around the town. The rose was overjoyed to see the bustling market, the
towering church, and the serene river.

Next, a sunflower expressed its wish to feel the warmth of the sun. Ingrid took
the sunflower to a sunny spot by the river where it basked in the golden rays
all day. The sunflower bloomed brighter, its yellow petals glowing with
happiness.

Then, a daisy told Ingrid of its dream to dance in the rain. On a rainy day,
Ingrid took the daisy outside. The daisy swayed in the rain, its white petals
glistening with raindrops.

Through these experiences, Ingrid realized that every flower, like every person,
has its own dreams and desires. She understood that by listening and responding
to these desires, she could bring a little more joy into the world.

And so, Ingrid continued her unique dialogue with the flowers, spreading beauty
and happiness in her quaint little town.

Multiple Choice Questions: What was Ingridâ€™s profession? a. A gardener b. A
florist c. A botanist d. A farmer What unique gift did Ingrid possess? a. She
could make flowers bloom instantly b. She could communicate with flowers c. She
could change the color of flowers d. She could make flowers grow faster What did
the rose long to do? a. To see the world beyond the shop b. To feel the warmth
of the sun c. To dance in the rain d. To bloom brighter Where did Ingrid take
the sunflower? a. To a sunny spot by the river b. To the market c. To the church
d. To a shady spot under a tree What did Ingrid realize through her experiences?
a. That every flower has its own dreams and desires b. That flowers can speak
human language c. That flowers live forever d. That flowers can move on their
own Fill-in-the-blank Questions: Ingrid was a _______ who could communicate with
flowers. A _______ told Ingrid of its longing to see the world beyond the shop.
Ingrid took the sunflower to a _______ by the river. On a rainy day, Ingrid took
the daisy _______. Ingrid realized that every flower, like every person, has its
own _______.